Update Rust project READMEs (#1073)
dfinity/examples: rust/threshold-ecdsa/README.md

```bash
cd examples/rust/threshold-ecdsa
dfx start --background
```

## Step 2: Deploy the canisters

```bash
dfx deploy
```

If successful, you should see something like this:

```bash
Deployed canisters.
URLs:
  Backend canister via Candid interface:
    ecdsa_example_rust: http://127.0.0.1:4943/?canisterId=t6rzw-2iaaa-aaaaa-aaama-cai&id=st75y-vaaaa-aaaaa-aaalq-cai
```

If you open the URL in a web browser, you will see a web UI that shows the public methods the canister exposes. Since the canister exposes `public_key` and `sign` methods, those are rendered in the web UI.

## Deploying the canister on the mainnet

To deploy this canister to the mainnet, one needs to do two things:

- Acquire cycles (the equivalent of "gas" on other blockchains). This is necessary for all canisters.
- Update the sample source code to have the right key ID. This is unique to this canister.

### Acquire cycles to deploy

Deploying to the Internet Computer requires [cycles](https://internetcomputer.org/docs/current/developer-docs/getting-started/tokens-and-cycles) (the equivalent of "gas" on other blockchains).

### Update source code with the right key ID

> To deploy the sample code, the canister needs the right key ID for the right environment. Specifically, one needs to replace the value of the `key_id` in the `src/ecdsa_example_rust/main.mo` file of the sample code. Before deploying to the mainnet, one should modify the code to use the right name of the `key_id`.

Author: ```suggestion
To deploy the sample code, the canister needs the right key ID for the right environment. Specifically, one needs to replace the value of the `key_id` in the `src/ecdsa_example_rust/src/lib.rs` file of the sample code. Before deploying to the mainnet, one should modify the code to use the right name of the `key_id`.
```

There are three options:

* `dfx_test_key`: a default key ID that is used in deploying to a local version of IC (via IC SDK).
* `test_key_1`: a master **test** key ID that is used in mainnet.
* `key_1`: a master **production** key ID that is used in mainnet.

> [!WARNING]

> > To deploy to IC mainnet, one needs to replace the value in `key_id` fields with the values `"dfx_test_key"` to instead have either `"test_key_1"` or `"key_1"` depending on the desired intent.

Author: ```suggestion
> To deploy to IC mainnet, one needs to replace the value in `key_id `fields with the values `EcdsaKeyIds::TestKeyLocalDevelopment.to_key_id()` (mapping to `dfx_test_key`) to instead have either `EcdsaKeyIds::TestKey1.to_key_id()` (mapping to `test_key_1`) or `EcdsaKeyIds::ProductionKey1.to_key_id()` (mapping to `key_1`) depending on the desired intent.
```

- The sample canister uses the above to request a signature from the threshold ECDSA [subnet](https://wiki.internetcomputer.org/wiki/Subnet_blockchain) (the threshold ECDSA is a subnet specializing in generating threshold ECDSA signatures).

This tutorial gives a complete overview of the development, starting with downloading the [IC SDK](https://internetcomputer.org/docs/current/developer-docs/setup/index.md), up to the deployment and trying out the code on the IC mainnet.

> [!TIP]
> This walkthrough focuses on the version of the sample canister code written in the Rust programming language. There is also a [Motoko](https://internetcomputer.org/docs/current/developer-docs/backend/motoko/index.md) version available in the same repo and follows the same commands for deploying.

## Prerequisites
This example requires an installation of:

- [x] Install the [IC SDK](https://internetcomputer.org/docs/current/developer-docs/getting-started/install) v0.11.0 or newer.
- [x] Clone the example dapp project: `git clone https://github.com/dfinity/examples`

Begin by opening a terminal window.

> ## Step 1: Setup the project environment

Reviewer: Maybe group Step 1 and Step 2 (and possibly the Prerequisites) into a Local Deployment parent, similar to how you did the same in the Motoko READMEs in the other PR.

Same for threshold-schnorr.
